WeAreSatoshi
=================================

THIS CODE IS NOT COMPLETE YET - ANY COINS GENERATED BY IT WILL BE ERASED UPON FINAL RELEASE!!!

What is WeAreSatoshi?
----------------

WeAreSatoshi is an experimental new digital currency that enables instant payments to
anyone, anywhere in the world. WeAreSatoshi uses peer-to-peer technology to operate
with no central authority: managing transactions and issuing money are carried
out collectively by the network. WeAreSatoshi is also the name of the open source
software which enables the use of this currency.

For more information, as well as an immediately useable, binary version of
the WeAreSatoshi client sofware, see https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=661588.0

WeAreSatoshi is a PoW/PoS-based cryptocurrency.

Specifications
--------------

Ticker Symbol: WAS
Algorithm: X11 POW/POS
P2P Port: 8922
RPC Port: 8923
Total Coins: 40 million coin cap.
Premine: XXX for WAS v1 to v2 coin swap, 2% for development.
Block Time: 30 seconds
PoW Reward: 25 WAS halving every 200,000 blocks until reaching a 1 WAS maintenance reward.
PoS Interest Schedule:
1. 5% interest each month for the first 3 months,
2. 1% per month for the rest of the year,
3. 3% annually thereafter
PoS Stake Age: 5 days minimum, 30 days maximum

License
-------

WeAreSatoshi is released under the terms of the MIT license. See `COPYING` for more
information or see http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2014 WeAreSatoshi Developers
Copyright (c) 2014 cryptcoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2013-2014 NovaCoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2011-2012 PPCoin Developers
Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Bitcoin Developers
